hello boxing fans Grandmaster Hamad Al
here with the definitive answer from
Manny Pacquiao he has set flat clearly
set on the phone he wants to fight Floyd
the lonely the only bum left a beat up
Mayweather on made a fifth he said it
he's made it clear he unequivocally
wants to take the fight that's why
Mayweather has made it clear he
unequivocally i know a lot i'll have to
look up that word and i'm not going to
help you once the fight me mayweather
wants to fight Pacquiao now here is
going to be the problem Mayweather's
afraid to fight pacquiao packing elves
not afraid fight mayweather pacquiao is
to have a fair fight mayweather wants to
have an unfair fight with unnecessary
unnecessary on the necessary blood
testing the second before he walks in
the ring you can detect steroids for
months you can attack it immediately
after the fight they just caught cyborg
the MMA Women's Champion taking steroids
after the fight you don't have to take
the test two days before the fight
that's what you Mayweather fans can't
understand because i'm a racist because
that report the facts Pacquiao was the
fight mayweather wants to fight the
older thing is going to stop this fight
is Mayweather not paki al let the blood
test happen after the fight are two
weeks before the fight not one day
before the fight the fights going to
happen Pacquiao's going to whip your
man's butt and you're all going to owe
me a great apology so
official Pacquiao wants the fight